Okay, everybody, cake time.
Thank God.
I really have to study.
Oh, sweetheart, can’t you just
take a minute to enjoy it?
It’s your birthday.
You put too much pressure
on yourself.
I remember my sweet 16.
I wanted a theme party.
Moonstruck had just come out,
but I hadn’t, so–
No stories. No time.
S.A.T.’s.
Here we go, everybody.
♪ Ha– ♪
Wait, wait.
We all know why we’re here.
Ay, honey,
you missed one–
I know!
I know I missed one!
I’m not an idiot!
Whoa.
There! Happy?
You’re being a little–
Obstreperous?
Recalcitrant? Truculent?
- I was gonna say cray cray.
- Alex, sweet pea–
I really need to focus.
There is a 16-year-old
science prodigy...
studying cancer research
at Johns Hopkins.
Sixteen!
What am I doing?
I’m eating cake!
[ Claire ]
No, no, no.
[ All Exclaiming ]
Cake! Cake! Cake!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Alex might be a little bit
fragile after last night,
so let’s try to be sensitive.
Oh, believe me,
I am going to be nothing
but nice to Alex from now on.
If she snaps and goes on
a rampage, who do you think
she’s coming for first?
She’s not going on a rampage.
I bet she’d let me live.
She likes me.
I’m just gonna say it–
I never trusted her.
All right.
Everybody just be normal.
We’re gonna treat her exactly
the way we usually do.
And there she is!
[ All Greeting ]
Hi, pretty girl.
How’d you sleep?
- Fine.
- Your hair
looks supersoft, Al.
And is that a great new sweater?
Love.
- Dad, can you hand me
the butter knife?
- [ All ] No!
Haley, Luke,
upstairs, please.
Thank you.
Thanks.
So, about my meltdown–
Who?
What meltdown?
I want to see a therapist.
I did some research.
Dr. Gregory Clark–
highly recommended,
specializes in teenagers
and is covered
by our insurance.
I booked a double session
with him today,
and since you guys have the open
house, I will be taking the bus.
Okay.
That sounds good.
[ Whispering ]
She’s like a self-cleaning oven.
Hey!
Hey.
Check it out.
I’m rockin’ the old school
for the open house today.
- I’m gonna put the "fizz"
back in "phys ed."
- I love it– all of it.
Really? ’Cause I want to make
a good impression today.
I want to be the teacher all
the parents are talking about.
Well, that explains the socks.
What?
There’s a caste system
at school–
academic teachers at the top,
gym teachers at the bottom.
It’s offensive
and disrespectful.
They treat us
like we’re lunch ladies.
Hey there, neighbor.
Oh, hey.
It’s Asher, right?
Yeah.
Um, I just wanted
to let you know–
I think there might be something
wrong with your air conditioner.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It just seems
to be running a lot,
even when it’s, uh,
kind of cool outside.
Oh. No, no.
My partner runs a little hot.
[ Chuckles ]
Not as hot as our planet.
Sorry.
I don’t mean to be that guy.
It’s just, um, we’re all in this
together.
Yeah. I drive a Prius, so–
And that’s
a nice little gesture.
My car runs
on reclaimed cooking oil.
- I have some literature,
if you want it.
- That’s okay. Save the paper.
I haven’t printed anything since
2004. I was gonna e-mail you.
- On your power-hungry computer?
- My entire house
is solar-powered.
I sell energy back to the grid
and use that money
to save polar bears.
- I’m an environmental lawyer,
so I’m pretty green.
- Mmm. So is your lawn.
I went drought-tolerant–
succulents, indigenous plants,
rock garden.
My other daddy says your yard
looks like a litter box.
She’s a cute kid.
I remember when she was
in disposable diapers.
Are you ready?
[ Jay ]
Yeah.
Why do you look like that
when I look like this?
My friends say it’s
because of your money.
No, I’m just saying,
why is she all dressed up
for a school open house?
I want to impress Manny’s
history teacher.
I want Manny to go
to Washington, D.C.
Yeah, Junior Congress.
Only one kid in the whole grade
gets picked to go.
I think I can make a difference.
Regular Congress
can’t even make a difference.
Don’t worry, Manny.
I have it covered.
You just go
and enjoy your date.
I have a date.
It’s no big deal.
- Don’t make a thing about it.
- What did I do
with my car keys?
I mean, we’re just friends now,
but I have a good feeling.
I know.
Don’t get ahead of myself.
Every time I put them down.
What is her name?
Either Zoe or Piper.
How can you be going on a date
and you don’t know her name?
This is where it gets
interesting.
I seriously doubt that.
A few days ago, we almost
let a girl come between us.
Who is she?
The new girl.
- [ Chuckles ]
She’s pretty.
- [ Manny ] Super pretty.
Dibs.
What? N-No.
You can’t call dibs.
She’s a human being with
feelings, not the front seat.
[ Manny ]
Then a miracle happened.
[ Luke ]
Twins, each as pretty
as the other.
It’s funny.
Luke and I don’t usually
go for the same kind of girl.
Yeah. I like to describe
my type as "get-able."
[ Muttering ]
What are you doing,
Tucker?
Oh, hey, Principal Brown.
Do you know how other teachers
drone on and on to parents
with their boring lectures?
Well, I thought
I would go another way.
Oh. Well, I don’t like
the sound of that at all.
I think you will.
I’m gonna spice things up
with a spirited game
of dodgeball.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay, before you say no–
I already said "no."
let me show you
my whole bit.
Uh-huh.
[ Western Accent ]
Howdy, folks.
My name’s Tucker.
I’m the sheriff
of dodge... ball.
Oh.
Laugh, laugh, laugh.
And then–
No. No "then." No.
Have you seen the shape
some of these folks are in?
We don’t need a parent
dropping dead in here.
Look, this is the Dolphin Den.
I am not renaming it
the Harvey K. Mandelbaum
Memorial Gym.
But I was gonna
divide everybody up
into the Hatfield and McCoys.
Just– No dodgeball!
Hello, Mr. Ingram.
I am Gloria Delgado-Pritchett,
Manny’s mother.
Yes, of course.
I just wanted
to thank you so much.
He thinks the world of you.
You know, as a child
of an immigrant,
he can look at the world
with such a fresh perspective.
And talking about fresh,
I brought you some empanadas.
Subtle.
Hey, Phil. Where’s Claire?
Oh, she’s going
to Alex’s classes.
I’m doing Luke’s.
I’m surprised to see you here.
Isn’t your team playing today?
Yeah. Gloria made me come.
I think I’m recording the game,
but you can never know.
The last time,
I got six hours of Bravo.
And who knows?
Maybe Manny’s going to be
the first Latino president.
[ Chuckles ]
Hello, Mr. Ingram.
Dr. Donna Duncan,
Wesley’s mom.
Just brought you
a little thank-you...
for being his absolute
favorite teacher ever.
Those cupcakes are
so white.
Thank you.
Dr. Donna Duncan.
I’m Gloria.
We’ve met several times.
[ Chuckling ]
Oh, of course.
Mario’s mom.
Manny.
And how is he fitting in now?
Better? Anyway–
Here she is.
You brought a flask
to an open house?
You want some?
It’s scotch.
No. Put it away.
Don’t be such a goody-goody.
Taste it.
It’s older than you are.
I don’t want any scotch.
Well, just smell it.
Fine.
Mr. Dunphy,
is that a flask?
No.
It is.
I was– It’s his.
No, it’s not.
For the record,
no alcohol is allowed
on school premises.
For God’s sake, Phil,
it’s 2:00 in the afternoon.
So, Alex,
tell me why you’re here.
I had a little meltdown
last night,
and I’m afraid
it’ll happen again,
but this time
in the middle of the S.A.T.’s
or something.
Why do you think
you melted down?
I’m stressed.
It’s my junior year.
Part of me feels
like the limbic system
in my brain’s a bit off.
That’s a thing, right?
I did some research.
You know I charge the same
even if you diagnose yourself?
I’m just trying
to move this along.
I have a lot to do.
Well, uh, this is a process.
You know, it takes some time.
- [ Sighs ]
- What– What are you thinking?
- Nothing.
- No, no. Go ahead.
Tell me.
That maybe you’re
not up for this.
I mean, no offense.
You’re just a lot older
than you look on your Web site.
- Oh.
- Did you even have S.A.T.’s
when you were in high school?
Or Asian kids?
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
But there were other things
I worried about–
Spanish Inquisition,
sailing off the edge
of the world,
learning how
to understand fire.
- Sorry.
- You mind if
we try something?
- What?
- Just do me a favor.
[ Clears Throat ]
Take a deep breath.
[ Inhales ]
[ Exhales ]
Great.
Now, what’s on your mind?
Well–
I just remembered that I forgot
to charge my computer
before I left...
and that I have to get
new index cards before Monday.
Hopefully they don’t
run out of the blue ones,
because for some reason,
those help me study better.
Maybe it’s because they’re
easier to read or maybe
my prescription’s getting worse.
I should probably
make an appointment
with the eye doctor.
Also, should I
get a job this summer,
or would an internship
look better on my application?
And what is up with Hillary?
Is she going to run or not?
I mean, I feel like she’d
totally understand the feeling
of being overwhelmed...
but also like you’re not
doing enough at the same time.
Wow.
Hey, Nina, how’s Sanjay?
Oh, great. Thanks.
He’s just dealing
with the S.A.T.’s
and the A.C.T.’s...
and that Merit Scholarship
application everyone’s
so stressed about.
What– What application?
Let’s begin by talking
about the A.P. physics test,
which, as you know,
takes place on–
[ All ]
May 21.
With Luke and Haley,
I’m on top of everything
because they aren’t.
But Alex is so self-sufficient,
I just sort of put it
in cruise control.
I’ve fallen asleep at the wheel,
and now my little genius
is covered in cake.
Now a list of practice tests
I recommend the students take
before then:
3-A, 4-C,
12-A through F,
18-D, 19-A,
23-C, 24-G, 25-H, 26-A–
Meanwhile, a great artist
like Bob Dylan...
would get voted off
in the first round, which–
[ Laughs ]
If you wet the end,
it will stick to his face.
- You’re a genius.
- Piper, that’s rude.
You know, Manny, in chorus
we sang "Blowin’ in the Wind."
Now that’s blowin’ in the wind.
[ Luke Chuckles ]
You’re funny, Luke.
Manny and I need
to use the restroom.
We do?
You’ve gotta switch with me.
What? No, we can’t do that.
They’re twins.
They’ll never notice.
You realize
we’re not twins, right?
- [ Horn Honks ]
- Special dollhouse
delivery for Lily.
- It’s here, it’s here!
- I think you’re going
to love it.
I spent so many hours playing
with this when I was your age.
Yeah, me too.
Hey, quick, turn off your car.
Why?
It’s in park, I think.
[ Sighs ]
I have a judgy green neighbor.
He had the nerve to
come over here and tell me
that I’m not green enough.
Shut up!
You’re super green.
Thank you.
I’m– I’m recycling a dollhouse.
I even recycled a child.
Didn’t you win some award?
Yes, yes.
The State Bar Association Award
for Sustained Excellence
in the Field of Environmental–
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That’s the one.
- Law.
There was one word left.
You didn’t have to cut me off.
Dollhouse, please.
Okay. Okay.
You know what
you should do?
Hmm?
March right over there
and wave that trophy
in his stupid eco face.
No. You think?
Yes. Those people
are so annoying.
There’s this girl at my school
who was all over me about my
boots ’cause they’re leather.
Meanwhile, she’s wearing Crocs,
like those aren’t endangered.
You know what?
I am gonna do that.
Show him to out-green me.
Okay. Oh, no.
Oh, no.
All right, those are
blowing into his yard.
Oh, crap.
Okay, that’s definitely
gonna hurt my case.
Uh, you pick these up.
I’m gonna go get the trophy.
Lily, help her.
I heard that
"recycled child" comment.
Thanks to your little flask,
now the teacher thinks
I’m a burnout.
Football game.
Football game!
What are you doing?
You can do this now.
I saw it in a commercial.
Not with that phone.
You might as well say it
into your wallet.
Come on.
We’re gonna
be late for math.
I’m not going to any more
boring classes.
You’re just gonna cut?
No, I’m just not gonna go
because I’m in my 60s.
Teachers’ lounge.
They got a TV in here.
We can’t go
in the teachers’ lounge.
Why not?
Um, it’s for teachers only.
You’re a teacher.
Right now, you’re teaching me
how to be a little bitch.
Jay, don’t. Jay.
Jay!
So, when do you think
you’ll be making your decision?
Oh, sometime
in the next week or so.
Oh, take your time.
It would be rude
to rush you.
Not as rude as interrupting
two people in the middle
of a conversation.
Well, actually, I’ll go.
I’m gonna go grab
some coffee.
Good idea, because
those cupcakes
look very dry.
Hi. This is unbelievable.
They just gave me four books
on applying to top colleges.
When am I gonna have time
to read all this?
[ Both Gasp ]
Oh, my gosh.
I’m so sorry.
I didn’t see you there.
[ Laughing ]
Come on, girls.
Oh, she saw me.
Everybody sees me.
Who was that?
Dr. Dooda Dada.
She thinks that
she can flirt her son
all the way to Washington,
but I’m gonna take her down.
I would love to chat,
but I got to get to A.P. calc.
Okay.
Physical education
is a critical part
of every school day.
As we develop the mind,
so we must the body.
This begins
with good nutrition,
uh, physical activity,
sportsmanship...
and attention
to personal hygiene.
No, please, please.
Please don’t go.
I know this is boring,
but this isn’t my idea.
I wanted to play a spirited game
of dodgeball, but–
That sounds fun.
I’ll play dodgeball.
I’ll play too.
Anything’s gotta be
better than this.
Oh, well, you know what?
We’re really not supposed to.
But you know what?
Hey, guys, listen to this.
[ Western Accent ]
My name’s Cam.
I’m the sheriff of dodge...
ball.
[ Chuckles ]
Okay, you guys
are the Hatfields.
You are the McCoys.
Mr. Mandelbaum,
I’d like you to stay seated.
You’re gonna be our referee.
All right, everybody,
let’s dodgeball.
[ Whistle Blows ]
Dodgeball was a smash.
Dr. Donna and Gloria
were like two assassins...
- just picking off
their victims one by one.
- [ Whistle Blowing ]
Okay,
last two dodge-ballers.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
- Yes!
- Oh, I’m so sorry.
- I’m going to kill you!
Gloria, Gloria, Gloria, no!
[ Cameron Shrieking ]
[ All Shouting ]
Ow! My eye!
So you like theater,
and you just put this
fake thumb in our fries.
Yep.
I’m gonna go out
on a limb here...
and say we’re
with the wrong people.
Let’s just switch dates
and get this party started.
- What?
We don’t want to switch.
- [ Piper ] Yeah.
I’m not attracted to you.
And I’m not attracted to you.
Wait a minute.
We like all the same things,
but you don’t think I’m cute?
I’ve got a thing
for Latin men.
I like ’em dumb.
[ Scoffs ]
Well, that’s just offensive.
And shallow.
Just because we’re guys doesn’t
mean we don’t have feelings.
Yeah. I don’t feel good
about this.
It makes me feel... bad.
Come on, Luke.
Let’s get out of here.
Our parents aren’t home.
If you want, we’ll make out
with you.
I’m not proud
of what happened next.
I am.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Knocking ]
[ Mitchell Sighs ]
He’s not home.
How’s the cleanup going?
Well, I think
I got most of ’em.
You’ve been at this a while.
How come you only have
eight peanuts?
Instead of
carrying them around,
I made a huge pile
right over th–
- Again?
- Geez. They’re everywhere.
Oh, God. Oh! Bird!
[ Screams ]
Oh, no!
No, no, no, no, no!
Oh, no! What is that smell?
It smells like French fries.
It’s biodiesel.
Can you plug it up?
Oh, what? With what?
Popcorn?
Oh, geez. No!
My boots.
This is a disaster!
Save the seals!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
What the hell?
What did you do?
Uh, I won a green award.
That’s what.
You think you can
get this thing to work?
Hey, you’re supposed
to be the lookout.
What if somebody walks in?
Gee, they’ll call my parents.
Hey, look. You did it!
Yeah, it’s not that big
of a deal. Listen,
I’m gonna get back to class.
Before you go, let me
ask you a question.
How do you know how to do
all this stuff?
Back in high school,
I was in the A.V. club.
We did all kinds
of crazy things.
One year, we hid a microphone
in the gym.
We could totally hear everything
that was going on at prom.
I used to make fun
of guys like you.
- This is pretty cool.
- Really?
You think this is cool?
[ Both ]
Yeah!
First down!
All right.
Best open house ever.
It’s all gravy
when you’re in the A.V.
Admit it. Doesn’t it feel good
to break a few rules,
take a walk on the wild side?
You’re welcome.
No, you’re welcome.
I’m the one who set
this whole thing up.
Let’s just say
we make a good team.
To us.
There he goes.
There he goes!
Come on, come on!
Come on!
Yeah!
I’ve been like this
for as long as I can remember.
Can you give me
an example?
Well, when I was little,
I was in a spelling bee
at school,
and I really wanted to win.
I don’t know why.
There was no prize.
No one cared.
My parents didn’t even know
I was in it.
- [ Chuckles ]
- I just felt this
weight on my shoulders,
like if I lost, I’d–
I don’t know.
I just had to win.
- And did you?
- Yep.
Know what the winning word was?
Hmm.
Responsibility.
[ Clears Throat ]
Is that what you feel–
a responsibility
to win all the time,
to always be the best?
That’s one way to put it.
And this responsibility–
Where does it come from?
I’m not sure.
It’s just... there.
So it’s an internal pressure.
Yeah. Kind of.
I mean, once
you start overachieving,
people expect things from you.
- Like what people?
- You know, the world–
Teachers, parents, other kids.
It’s not all internal.
Don’t get me wrong.
I like the way I’m wired.
It’s what’s going to
get me into a good school.
It’s what makes me who I am.
And how is that–
being who you are?
I don’t know.
Mostly good.
A little exhausting.
Sometimes hard.
I guess there’s your answer.
It’s hard being me.
Tell me a little more
about your family.
They’re pretty normal, I guess.
I’m not like any of them,
but that doesn’t
really bother me.
- Ever?
- Only when they say things like
"Alex, you study too much"...
or "Don’t freak out"
or "Go do something fun."
So your siblings–
They don’t experience
the same pressures you do.
Oh, God, no.
They don’t care about school.
Hmm.
Why do you think that is?
You all grew up
in the same house...
with the same parents,
yet you’re the only one...
who feels this
enormous pressure to achieve
at such a high level.
Why do we even have
to talk about my family?
They don’t have anything
to do with this.
They don’t get me.
How’s that feel?
I don’t know.
You’re a smart girl.
Try a little harder.
I said I don’t know.
[ Sighs ]
I feel...
kind of alone.
I realize our juniors
are busy with S.A.T.’s,
so as a rule, I only give
two hours of homework a night.
- Two hours?
- Our students
are highly advanced.
It’s nothing they can’t handle.
No, I’m–
I’m sure they can.
It’s just that if they have
two hours in this class...
and they have an hour
for A.P. bio...
and an hour and a half for,
um, advanced lit and–
Hang on one second.
Let me just do this
on the board, ’cause then it’s–
Um, we got two and one
and 1.5.
And then another
hour and a half
for A.P. history.
Gives us–
[ Muttering ]
- It’s six.
- Yes!
Nina, I was getting there.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
If I could just have
a second to think...
without all
the tippy-tappy typing.
Six.
Well, I hope you’re happy.
You’ve ruined dodgeball
for everyone.
She was the one who threw
that ball in my face.
Only because
you threw yourself
at Mr. Ingram.
Okay, ladies, please.
Can’t you see
what’s going on here?
You both just want
what’s best for your kids.
Huh?
I need to get
this trip for Wesley.
I’m tired of him being
so mad at me all the time.
Why is he mad?
Oh, he blames me
for the divorce.
His father will
always be the hero.
It’s hard to blame someone
who’s never there.
Now can’t you
relate to that?
It will get better.
Kids always figure out
who’s really there for them.
- [ Door Opens ]
- Again, we’re very sorry
about the projector.
[ Jay ]
I’ll send a check on Monday.
- Hi, honey.
- I got in trouble.
Whatever she did,
add it to my tab.
All right, let’s do this.
No. No, no, no.
Not you two, just you.
Come on, Sheriff.
Oh. Hey, honey.
How did it go?
Good. And I made
another session
for next week.
How was the open house?
Wow. So intense.
I had no idea the kind
of pressure you’re under.
Honey, I was
just you for two hours.
I could barely hold it together.
I don’t know how
you don’t have a meltdown
every day. I–
Oh, honey.
[ Crying ]
Sweetie, what?
Did I say something?
Yes.
Thank you.
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
[ Kisses ]
It’s okay.
Again, I am so sorry.
I guess, in retrospect,
it was a little crazy...
that I wanted to show you
my State Bar Association Award.
Stop.
And it’s possible I come on
a little too strong.
No. No, no. I like to think that
I’m greener than I am,
but maybe I just want
the credit without doing
all the hard work that you do.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, you’re right, it is hard,
but, you know,
it’s also alienating.
No one wants
to be friends with me.
I can’t tell you the last time
I had people over for dinner,
which is probably a good thing.
You know, with solar power,
it takes four days
to roast a chicken.
- Really?
- If you want it cooked
all the way through, yeah.
Hmm.
You know I had salmonella
three times?
Wow. If you want to come over
to our house for dinner,
we kind of owe you.
You can play
with my dollhouse.
Yeah?
Is it made
from sustainable materials?
Forget it.